Modernize Sphinx docs with Galaxy theme + refresh dependency guidance (#84)
galaxy-iuc/standards: docs/best_practices/integration_checklist.rst

  previous sections of this document), add your tool and all associated data,
  then Commit the changes with ``git commit -m "I changed X, Y, and Z"``. Finally push your changes to github with ``git push origin $branch_name``.
- Go to the `IUC's Repository <https://github.com/galaxyproject/tools-iuc>`__ and click on 'Compare & Pull Request'.

> - Add a comment describing what the tool does and any extra information that might

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fill the Pull Request description describing what the tool does and any extra information that might
```
